README.md, before:

# MPU9255-Arduino-Library
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-C%2B%2B-brightgreen.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-arduino-brightgreen.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library.svg?maxAge=3600)](LICENSE)

Arduino library for MPU9255 based modules. 


Read acceleration, angular velocity and magnetic field strength on your Arduino board using MPU9266 based IMU module connected via the I2C interface. 

## What works ?
- Acceleration, angular velocity, magnetic field measurements. 
- Scale selection (from +- 2g , +- 250 dps to +- 16g , +-2000 dps).
- Power control (sleep mode, enabling / disabling internal components). 
- Reset control.
- Temperature measurements using build-in sensor.

## Compatible IDE
Library is compatible with arduino IDE 1.6 or newer.

## Support/issue
- It seems to be a software issue.
  Please open an issue on github.

- It seems to be a hardware issue. 
  Please ask in the official Arduino forum, where you will get a much faster answer than on github.

## Installation
1. Download library (Clone or download -> download zip).
2. Launch Arduino IDE.
3. Go to : sketch -> include library and select "add .zip library" option. 
4. Select location of downloaded library and click "open". 

## Library documentation
https://github.com/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library/blob/master/doc.md

Commit message:

Final changes for 0.3 (#14)
* Fixed issues with accelerometer offset

* New examples (#11)

* Create bandwidthExample.ino

* Create motionInterrupt.ino

* Create offsetCancellation.ino

* Update .travis.yml

* Code style corrections (#12)

* Update MPU9255.cpp

* Update MPU9255.h

* Update MPU9255_PowerControl.cpp

* Update MPU9255_Interrupts.cpp

* Update MPU9255_Data.cpp

* Update MPU9255_Communication.cpp

* Update bandwidthExample.ino

* Update dataProcessing.ino

* Update motionInterrupt.ino

* Update offsetCancellation.ino

* Update powerControl.ino

* Update rawData.ino

* Update scaleExample.ino

* Update sleepExample.ino

* Fixed magnetometer issues

* Doc update (#13)

* Update library.properties

* Rename doc.md to doc/doc.md

* Rename doc.md to main.md

* Rename main.md to index.md

* Update README.md

* Create settings.md

* Create measurements.md

* Create power.md

* Create interrupts.md

* Update index.md

* Update index.md

* Update settings.md

* Update power.md

* Update measurements.md

* Update interrupts.md

* small typo fix

README.md, after:

# MPU9255-Arduino-Library
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library.svg?maxAge=3600)](LICENSE)

Arduino library for MPU9255 based modules. 


Read acceleration, angular velocity and magnetic field strength on your Arduino board using MPU9266 based IMU module connected via the I2C interface. 

## What works?
- Acceleration, angular velocity, magnetic field measurements. 
- Dice temperature measurements using build-in sensor.
- Selectable scale (from +- 2g , +- 250 dps to +- 16g , +-2000 dps).
- Selectable bandwidth for gyroscope and accelerometer. 
- Power control (sleep mode, enabling / disabling internal components). 
- Reset control.
- Motion interrupt support. 

## Compatible IDE
Library is compatible with arduino IDE 1.6 or newer.

## Support/issue
- It seems to be a software issue.
  Please open an issue on github.

- It seems to be a hardware issue. 
  Please ask in the official Arduino forum, where you will get a much faster answer than on github.

## Installation
1. Download library (Clone or download -> download zip).
2. Launch Arduino IDE.
3. Go to : sketch -> include library and select "add .zip library" option. 
4. Select location of downloaded library and click "open". 

## Library documentation
https://github.com/Bill2462/MPU9255-Arduino-Library/blob/master/doc/index.md
